Makera PR: Halt when lid opened during air tool change (#331)
Carvera-Community/Carvera_Community_Firmware: version.txt

- Enhancement: Added improved PID Spindle control that increases performance of carvera C1 spindles. Setup requires following the guide on the documentation page
- Fixed: Prevent incorrect current line reporting after a tool change
- Lint: conformed all error messages to the format ERROR: <message> for easier hooks in the controller

> - Fixed: Carvera air would halt if the lid was opened during a manual tool change and stop on lid open was enabled. Change from Makera

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: Machine would halt if the lid was opened during a manual tool change, and the config to stop on lid open was enabled. Backported and simplified from Makera firmware.
```
